Dude, we have a test. You have to focus.
I have no motivation to succeed.
You don't understand
how hard it is to study
when you know you're sitting on
a huge trust fund.
Dude, I'm so sorry, man...
I didn't realize.
What do you guys think?
"Charge"! Scary, huh?
Scary that some of this
might be passed down to me.
War reenacting is a celebration
of our nation's history,
and despite what your mother says,
that cannot be learned
by watching Kevin Costner movies.
I don't get why you care so much
about history.
It's just a bunch
of boring facts and dates.
Boring facts...
Why are you being so mean?!
History is the story
of living, breathing people
who helped shape our world.
Oh, yeah?
If they're so great,
then why are they dead?
Guess who is killing it
as the Spring Gala Chairperson.
[AS '80S ROCKER]
♪ Is it my laaaady, Kaaaaatie? ♪
What are you doing?
I'm not sure.
I'm starting to rack up awesome stuff
for the charity auction...
a $100 gas card,
10 free games of mini-golf,
and a signed head shot of Scott Bakula
that I stole from the dry cleaner.
COOPER: [LAUGHING]
Oh, I'm laughing 'cause you said
those things are awesome,
- and they so aren't.
- KATIE: I'm beginning to understand
why your parents travel so much.
Mom, Cooper's right.
Gas cards aren't gonna cut it.
To raise big money, you need
big-ticket auction items.
Last year,
Nancy Granville's family donated
a week at her Sun Valley house.
Brought in $20,000.
That's like 10 allowances.
- Cooper, you spilled your milk.
- Sorry about that.
Are you going to just leave it?
Well, what else would I do?
What happens at your house
when you spill something?
And now what happens?
Well, Lupe or Dolores
or Lita or Patricia
will come in and clean it up.
It is... Tuesday,
so it would be Lupe, Dolores,
Lita, Patricia, or the driver.
I don't know his name.
We just call him Bentley
because, you know...
Shut this up! Clean this up!
See? This kind of behavior
is exactly why I don't want to
be a part of Westport culture.
These people have no sense of reality.
OLIVER: Mom, if you don't
raise enough cash,
it'll bring shame to our family.
It'll be Dad's goatee all over again.
Oliver, you have to accept
that your mother and I
don't subscribe to
the shallow values of this town.
As for the goatee...
"Reality Bites" pushed
a lot of good people
in a lot of bad directions.
Okay, shame doesn't work
with you people.
Let's try facts.
If you don't raise enough money,
it'll force the school
to cut back on things
like the Special Ed department.
Hmm. That wouldn't be good.
But on the bright side,
she is getting better.
Yesterday she was scrubbing up
to her shoulders.
Hup, there she goes.
Fine. I'll sweet talk the rich idiots.
But for the record, I hate it.
Agreed. People should donate
because it's the right thing to do,
not because they get
some vacation in return.
This is the kind of nonsense
I was telling you about.
♪
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
♪
Taylor, I just talked
to your history teacher.
In an effort to foster
your love for history,
I'm taking you out of class and
bringing you to the reenactment.
What if I didn't go to the reenactment,
and you just took me out
and dropped me off at the mall?
No reenactment, no dice.
You're lucky I hate school.
Question... In this battle,
how many died and how bloody was it?
Well, it was a massacre,
so almost everyone
and very bloody.
I want in.
Come on!
♪
Nancy!
Hi. Katie Otto.
I'm chair of the Spring Gala this year.
Ohh. Well, I hope you fair better
than last year's chairperson,
Stacy Clouser.
Do you know the pressure
of planning that Gala
caused her to have a nervous breakdown?
I want to thank you
for attending this very important
Spring Gala strategy meeting.
After some brief remarks,
I will open the room to questions.
Bup! After my remarks, Mr. Bobbins.
I'm pretty sure
that has all been exaggerated.
Are you? 'Cause I was there
when the paramedics had to hold her down
and administer a sedative.
But you know what,
you tell yourself
whatever you need to hear.
- I'm just gonna come out with it.
- Mm.
Would you be willing to donate
your Sun Valley ski house
to this year's Gala auction?
Oh, is that your whole pitch?
Um...
How about I throw in
an almost-full punch card
- to Gary's Beef Bowl?
- [SCOFFS]
No.
[SIGHS]
It's just that you donated it last year,
and I thought maybe
you would do it again.
And I thought that
my ex-husband liked women,
so I guess we're both
cruelly disappointed.
The thing is, we need
to get enough money
to pay for things
like the Special Ed department.
Hi! [CHUCKLES]
Still here!
Can't get rid of me that easy!
[LAUGHS]
[GROANS]
♪
You girls are in for a treat.
Over the next two days,
we're gonna relive
the Westport Massacre...
an event where real people were inspired
to stand up against tyranny
and change the course of the nation.
But they all got massacred, right?
Sure, if you want to nitpick.
Okay, here's where
the excitement begins.
You get to choose
whatever you want to be...
a soldier, a scout, a musket loader...
Actually, Corporal Otto, women
can't be whatever they want.
They can only be what's on this list.
_
Not much of a list.
Do I detect a tone of insubordination?
- Sir, no, sir.
- Corporal, we all understand
the importance of historical accuracy.
Without that, we're just
a bunch of dorks
running around a field.
And I'm not missing
my once-a-month
supervised visitation day
with my kid for that.
[CHUCKLES] In the real battle,
the only females involved were nurses.
Is that understood?
- Yes, sir. Understood, sir.
- Good.
Okay. Change of plans,
but... also exciting.
Think of how cool being a nurse will be.
You get to run around the battlefield,
- carrying the wounded...
- Correction.
Nurses are confined
to the medical tent...
nursing "wounds," tending to the "dead,"
and preparing the hot stew which
was generously provided to us
today by Chunky.
[SCOFFS] History sucks.
Yep, history sucks for women.
For men, it was pretty all right.
[CHUCKLES]
♪
There is a new name on my hate list.
- Nancy Granville.
- How did you know?
Oliver called us.
He told us you struck out
with a bunch of moms
at drop-off today.
Oliver called you?
- Yep.
- On the phone?
To complain about me?
He's worried your Florida-ness...
his words...
is impeding your ability to perform
in the capacity of Gala Chairperson.
And as much as I hate to admit it,
that horrible child is right.
In Westport, any charity donation
comes from a quid pro quo.
You want big items, you have
to give something in return.
You know why Nancy Granville
donated her place in Sun Valley
to the Gala last year?
You don't know why!
It's because Stacy Clouser gave
her use of her personal chef.
- For a week.
- Hold on.
So to get the people in Westport
to donate big, fancy items
to the Gala, they need
a favor in return?
But I don't have
anything of value to offer.
You could let people
hunt Greg in the woods,
"Most Dangerous Game" style.
- I'd pay good money for that.
- Mnh-mnh.
No one is hunting Greg. He's not spry.
Fine.
Well, I do have a $20,000
gold-embroidered sofa.
You could offer it to Nancy
for her ski house.
- It's gorgeous.
- Why don't you keep it?
It's too high. It's humiliating.
My legs dangle
like a ventriloquist dummy.
I don't need your sofa
because I refuse to buy
into this stupid Westport,
rich-person, horse-trading nonsense.
- Mm.
- Ah.
Oh, Katie, hi.
Hate to interrupt your second feeding,
but I heard you're failing miserably
at getting donations for the Gala.
Well, a $100 gas card says otherwise.
Actually $50. I had to fill up.
I want you to know that
I can't wait to laugh at you
when this falls apart.
Then I'll pretend
that I took it too far.
Then I'll comfort you just enough
so that you think it's real,
and then I'll laugh some more
in your face.
[CHUCKLES]
Well, I'm not gonna fail.
Because I just decided to play the game.
Big-ticket donations, here I come.
Great! I will give you $10,000
to hunt Greg!
No one is hunting Greg!
♪
- Nancy!
- [GROANS]
How funny to bump into you.
Is it? What do you want, Katie?
I have a little something
I'd like to offer
in exchange for your ski house.
Drum roll, please.
Doris' $20,000 gold-embroidered sofa.
Doris has been trying
to give that thing away
to everyone in town.
It's awful.
It has "Doris" written across it
in huge gold letters, so...
no, thank you.
Would you prefer
to hunt Greg in the woods?
Hi. Mom?
Funny to bump into you here.
I know you followed me.
I don't need your help.
Oh, but you do.
Hey, Cooper Bradford,
close friend of the family,
come on over here.
- Hi, Mrs. Granville.
- Cooper?
[SQUEALS] What a wonderful surprise!
How are your parents?
They're good, yeah.
They are vay-vacationing in Positano.
Ooh. What's vay-vacationing?
Well, they were vacationing
in Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat
and they needed a vacation
from their vacation.
Oh! [LAUGHING]
Whew. Would you consider
marrying a much older woman?
[LAUGHING] No...
Would you?
Mom, speaking
of Mr. and Mrs. Bradford...
Cooper just informed me that his parents
are happy to host a table
at this year's Spring Gala.
Mrs. Granville, perhaps
you'd be willing to donate
your Sun Valley house
in exchange for sitting
right next to them?
Oh.
The house is yours.
Would you excuse me for one moment?
[HUSHED VOICE] What just happened?
Did I just get the Sun Valley house?
Mom, get woke.
Everyone wants access to the Bradfords.
They're the most powerful couple in town.
Sitting at a table with them
for even an hour
can elevate people's social status.
If we offer up seats
at the Bradfords' table
for big-ticket items,
we're gonna make a killing.
Thus elevating our social status.
- What do you say?
- NANCY: Say it again.
Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat.
[SQUEALS] So sophisticated!
[LAUGHS] You tell your parents
I said that, now.
Okay, Oliver, let's do this.
Finally. Welcome to my side.
Why do I feel like I'm making
a deal with the Devil?
[CRASHING]
Oh, thank God.
[SIGHS]
♪
I'm sorry, young man. The leg has to go.
Glad someone's having fun.
You just have to get into it.
Create a character.
For example, I'm a poor
Massachusetts housewife
who, after witnessing
the horrors of war,
has developed a morphine habit
to deaden the pain.
Hey, girls!
Dad! Are you wounded?
We'll probably have to take the leg.
Sorry, pumpkin.
I just wanted to see
how you guys were holding up.
- [CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS]
- Taylor, what are you doing?
I'm using a Snapchat filter
where it looks like
you're vomiting rainbows.
Put it away.
I got you out of school
so you could learn
about our great nation,
not play on your phone.
Dad, this sucks.
We're stuck here in this tent
doing all the crap jobs
while all the guys
are out there having fun.
Don't you think
it's a little uncool that...
- My daughter's not giving this a fair shot?
- No. That...
You're rejecting one of the most
glorious learning experiences
- a person can have?
- That only the girls are treated this way.
Especially this day and age.
But it isn't this day and age.
That's the whole point.
Corporal Otto,
why aren't you at your post?
Oh, sorry, sir.
I was just checking on my girls.
[GASPS] A phone?
What... What are you doing with a pho...
Or rather, what are doing
with some futuristic device
that I don't know about?
Because I'm in the 1700s.
It's no big deal. I'll just put it away.
Oh. No big deal.
[CHUCKLES] Okay.
Then maybe it's "no big deal"
that I demote you, Private Otto.
See you on the battlefield.
Go!
Back to private.
You just flushed three whole years
of online reenactment class
down the toilet!
♪
I've got you down for two seats
at the Bradford table.
And in return,
you'll donate your private jet
for the weekend...
Is that correct?
Great!
Thank you for your donations.
Put the Bumgarners on the board!
[CHUCKLES]
Mom, I got to be honest.
I'm actually having fun.
We're like a mother/son
"Wolf of Wall Street."
I'm Leo. You're Jonah Hill.
Can't say that I love the
Jonah Hill comparison, but...
this is pretty awesome.
[DOOR OPENS]
Hey, guys! How'd it go?
So fun! I amputated a ton of legs.
Sometimes I accidentally
took the wrong one
- just so I could do two.
- Mm.
Mom, Dad won't let me go back to school.
It's a two-day battle,
so no school for you.
What happened out there?
[GROANS] What's happening in here?
Oliver is teaching me
the ways of Westport.
I'm using Cooper Bradford's parents
as bait to dupe the rich idiots
into coughing up fancy auction items.
- And we're killin' it.
- Mother/son robot dance!
[UPBEAT EDM PLAYS]
Katie, a moment?
[MUSIC STOPS]
What happened to not getting
sucked into Westport culture?
I know it's weird,
but Oliver is helping me
lock in donations for the Gala
and has taught me the wonderful feeling
that comes with money and power.
I don't like any of this.
I don't like what you just said,
I don't like this board,
and I feel like your hair
may be a little bit different.
Don't listen to him. You're finally
getting respect in this town.
But at what cost? Don't lose who you are
- in pursuit of material gains.
- But think of the power.
Surely there must be a
better way to get what you want.
People will want to know you.
You don't want to know anyone, Katie.
People will want to be you.
That's not what you're about.
And you can finally destroy
Tara Summers.
Winner! Sorry, Greg.
I'm going with the kid on this one.
Fine. But for the record,
I don't like the crowd
you're running with.
Who? Oliver?
Yes.
♪
[SIGHS]
Katie! Hi!
Don't you look adorable today.
Someone's clearly heard how
I'm killing it with the Gala.
I have. And I also heard
that there's one more seat
available at the Bradford table.
Well, by happy coincidence,
our timeshare in the Bahamas
is suddenly available.
Which I'd be happy to donate.
Oh, really? That is a happy coincidence.
Your timeshare's no good here.
And the Bahamas? Really?
What, are we filming "Cocktail"?
Move along.
Mom...
Oliver, why didn't you tell me
it was so much fun
being a Westport douchebag?
That's literally all I talk about.
Mom, bad news.
Cooper Bradford just got suspended
and might get expelled.
If the school throws him out,
there's no way his parents will
sponsor a table at the Gala.
Oh, man!
Nothing ever goes my way!
First you three kids, now this!
[SIGHS]
Principal Ablin?
Oh, hi, Katie.
If you're here to complain again,
we now have a meat option on vegan day.
I need your help with
the Cooper Bradford situation.
- [CLEARS THROAT]
- You need to unsuspend him.
First, you're not his parent.
And do you even know what the
Cooper Bradford situation is?
No. But how bad can it be?
He paid the smart kids in his math class
to tank their midterm
and lower the curve
so he didn't have to study.
That's terrible.
Yeah. It is.
Back in my day, if you wanted to cheat,
you'd just write the formulas
on your upper thigh
and then call the teacher
a pervert if he busted you.
It's not so much how he cheated.
It's that he cheated.
Yeah, I got it, but here's my problem...
I have to get Cooper out of trouble,
otherwise the whole Spring Gala
falls apart on me.
And since the Gala
is where a large amount
of the funding for the school
comes from,
without it, other things
fall apart, too.
Like the new planned renovation
of the teachers' lounge
that I just thought of.
Mrs. Otto, two of our brightest kids
were dis-invited from the
Math-a-lathon because of this.
We're lucky they're
still allowed to compete
in the Biolog-a-lympics.
Okay, let's me and you talk,
poor person to poor person.
I do very well, thank you.
- I drive an Elantra.
- Stop it.
We're both a couple of poors,
and we know it.
And the rich people
are always using us poors
for what they want.
Don't you think it's time
that a couple of poors
use one of the richies for what we want?
♪
[SIGHS]
I hear rumor of a very nice sofa
being offered around town.
It says "Doris" on it in gold?
My cat's name is Doris.
♪
Your attention!
The British have surrounded us!
But before we begin the massacre,
I'd like to go over the rules.
As per usual, we will be
using verbal "bangs"
to represent shots fired.
Also, Paul will place stickers
on victims
to indicate they've been hit.
Okay! Commence massacre!
Aim! Fire!
ALL: Bang!
- [SOLDIERS GROANING]
- Fire!
- ALL: Bang!
- [SOLDIERS GROANING]
- Fire!
- Bang!
- [SOLDERS SHOUTING]
- Fire!
ALL: Bang!
Fire!
Bang!
♪
[GROANS]
I'm hit!
Shoulder? Really?
Ricochet.
Excellent death, honey.
Thanks, Dad.
[GRUNTING DRAMATICALLY]
♪
[CONTINUES GRUNTING]
I can't get these pants dirty.
Last time, they were
so expensive to dry clean.
[GROANING]
♪
Taylor, die.
No.
You're shot again! Go down!
No!
[IMITATES CANNON FIRING]
Boom!
[GASPS] Cannonball!
- You will die right now, young lady!
- No, Dad!
This is totally unfair!
I can't be a soldier because
it's historically inaccurate?
But people are just yelling "bang."
And there's a guy
putting stickers on people
to show they've been shot.
You're fine overlooking these things
but not letting girls be soldiers?
Nurse, you will die now!
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Don't yell at my daughter.
Back on the ground, Private Otto,
or I'll send you to the stockade.
No, you won't, Elliot.
How dare you?
I am Captain Beauregard
of the Fifth Battalion!
No, you're Elliot Grady.
You sell lambs' wool car-seat covers
out of a kiosk in the Stamford Mall.
Stop using words
that haven't been invented yet!
Look, my daughter is right.
None of this is 100% accurate.
Jim wears color contacts.
They're stunning, sure,
but come on, accurate?
And I happen to know
that you wear support socks!
[ALL GASPING]
I have phlebitis in my ankles!
All I'm saying is...
is what my daughter's
asking for so wrong?
May I remind you all that
this is the Westport Massacre!
I'm sorry.
This is the
Chunky Soup Westport Massacre!
PAUL: I want to bring my inhaler.
I want to wear my back brace.
I'd like to bring a football
to throw during down times.
[SCOFFS] Paul, get these men in line.
Bang.
Oh, I die?
I die?
Okay, you know what dies with me?
My Netflix password.
Yeah, didn't think
that one through, did you?
Nope. No, un-die me!
- Thanks, Dad.
- It was the right thing to do.
I'm sorry I didn't support you sooner.
If it makes you feel any better,
I think I actually get
what you like about history.
- You do?
- Yeah.
Being a part of a mini revolution
and standing up to a tyrant,
it kind of helps me understand
how those people really must've felt.
Aw, honey.
I'm so proud of you
for having the courage
to stand up for what you believe in.
And that you learned about
the Revolution by yourself.
No, Dad. You learned it to me.
Actually, the proper...
You know what? Who cares?
We learned it to each other.
[CHUCKLES]
♪
- Oh, what's the celebration?
- I'm a free man.
Mrs. Otto got Principal Ablin
to unsuspend me.
By giving him Doris' sofa,
thereby saving the Gala.
Wait, you bribed the principal?
Uh...
Yes, but who cares?
Your Gala's gonna be a success.
Don't give in.
You fight against this town.
Don't be seduced by it.
No, let it pour you a Scotch
and rub your feet.
Come on, Katie, I know you're in there.
I'm feeling a little peckish.
Do you guys have, like,
a charcuterie plate
or some Marcona almonds?
Oh, my God.
Your dad's right.
Wait. No, he's not.
Robot.
[UPBEAT EDM PLAYS]
[MUSIC FADES]
Sorry, Oliver.
I did a bad thing.
And you.
What you did at school was awful,
and you need to be punished.
You're grounded.
Uh, "grounded" is when
you're forced to stay at home
and lose all of your privileges.
- Mm-hmm.
- Stay home?
Great. Guess I get to work on my bowling
and play with my zebra.
No, you are staying at our house.
So I get to stay here?
Bueno.
Before I die,
I'm gonna make you sad.
♪
So, Mrs. Bradford, everything
with the school is fine.
I managed to make sure that
Cooper did not get kicked out.
But I did ground him.
"Grounding" is when somebody takes away
somebody's privileges.
Okay... well...
then we'll see you at the Gala, then.
Bye.
I actually feel sorry for the kid.
I had no idea
you could wash your own car.
This is a first for me.
OLIVER: Yeah, washing our cars
is a first for the Otto family, too.
I guess this is why Bentley
comes in wet sometimes.
Feeling passed.
Yeah.